1)what is emmet
emmet is a toolkit or plugin that helps web developers write html and css code faster and more efficiently
emmet can help you save time and effort by generating boilerplate code automatically 
it also also  help reduce typos and missing tag

2)what is diifernce between libray and framwork
Definition	  A set of tools you can use.  	A complete structure for building apps.
Control	 You control the flow.	          The framework controls the flow.
Usage	Call it when you need it.	        Follow its rules and structure.
Example	React, jQuery	Angular, Ruby on Rails
Flexibility	More flexible in use.	Less flexible, follows a set pattern.
Learning Curve	Easier to learn and use.	Takes more time to learn.


3)What is CDN? Why do we use it?

A CDN (content delivery Network) is a sytem of distributed servers that deliver web content like images,video stylesheet script and other 
resources ti users based on their geographic location 


Benefits of Using a CDN:
Faster Loading: Content loads quicker because it comes from a server closer to the user.

Reliable Access: If one server fails, backup servers ensure the content is still available.

Handles Traffic Spikes: CDNs can manage lots of visitors at once without slowing down.

Worldwide Availability: Servers around the globe make content accessible to users everywhere.

Better Security: Many CDNs protect against attacks and secure content.

Lower Bandwidth Costs: Caching reduces the amount of data transferred from the main server.

Improved SEO: Faster websites can rank better in search engines, leading to more visitors.

4)Why is React known as React?
React is called "React" because it is designed to react efficiently to changes in data. When the data or state of an application
 changes, React's virtual DOM updates only the specific parts of the user interface (UI) that need to be changed, rather than
 re-rendering the entire page. This responsive behavior allows React to "react" to updates in a fast and optimized way, ensuring 
a smoother user experience.

React is a JavaScript library that's called "React" because it reacts to changes in a component's state or props

5)What is diference between React and ReactDOM
React: It is the core library used to build components and manage the state and logic of a user interface.
ReactDOM: It is a library that connects React components to the DOM (Document Object Model), enabling React to render components in the browser.
In short, React handles the logic, and ReactDOM handles the rendering to the browser.


6) What is crossorigin in script tag?
The crossorigin attribute in an HTML script tag sets the request mode to an HTTP CORS request. This attribute is used when a script on one domain needs
 to interact with or fetch resources from another domain. 
Here are some things to know about the crossorigin attribute: 
A cross-origin request is a request for a resource from another domain, such as a script, image, font, iframe, or style sheet. 
The crossorigin attribute is widely available and works across many browsers and devices. It has been available in browsers since July 2015. 


7)What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

The difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN is based on their purpose and optimization:

react.development.js: This file is meant for development purposes. It includes helpful error messages, warnings, and full debugging features to assist developers while building the application.
 However, it is larger and slower because of these extra tools.

react.production.js: This file is optimized for production. It is smaller, faster, and excludes the development-specific features like warnings and detailed error messages to improve performance
 for live applications.

In short:

Development: Bigger, slower, includes debugging tools.
Production: Smaller, faster, optimized for users.


package and dependience are same

what differnce between git and github
what is npm?
npm manges packeage in behind work as node packger
it standard reporiatory that mange package 

what is package.json
package.json is configuration for npm

what buldler?
vite,parcel and webpack is bulder

for installing pracel
npm install -D parcel

two type depencies or package
1)normal depenecies'
it use in production 
2)dev-depenecies
it require  in develoment

symbol
^:it is update minor version it is safe
~:it is update major version 

what package.json and package.lock.json
package.json
package.lock.json :kept track of extract version of dependences


node_module:it contain all code node package
npx parcel index.html

what npx and npm 
how to install react
npm i react  react-dom

import React  from 'react';
import ReactDOM from './react-dom./client'


























